We interrupt our program to bring you this important message.
Good morning.
Today is Thursday, the 22nd of February.
My name is Scott Shearer.
I am Grace's dad.
One of the reasons that God allowed Grace's premature death murder was to wake me up.
That's why this program is called Deep Programming with Grace's dad because I needed Grace's
death, unfortunately, to wake me up.
I'm hopeful through all the advocacy and research that I've been doing that somebody else doesn't
have to lose their best buddy.
She's the reason we're here.
I've often thought how easy it is for comics to get material.
They just have to walk around and they get their material.
Well, I'm starting to do the same thing, not from a comedy perspective, but from a real
life perspective of how this entire antichrist and false profit system that has been for
the past 6,000 years has meant to control us on one side and give us the illusion that
we're not controlled on the other side.
I saw it this morning.
I went to the dentist and it's interesting to me.
The last dentist I was at, they lied to me.
I left the chair.
The lady, the hygienist said, you've got to get x-rays.
It's a law.
I said, it's not a law.
Because she lied to me, I left the chair and went to a new dentist and today, every time,
I think if you go to the dentist weekly, they'll keep saying you need to get x-rays, you need
to get x-rays.
I went in for just the six-month cleaning, which is another sigh out.
But anyway, regardless, I went in, she said, you're due for your x-rays.
I said, I don't ever want to be asked again.
I'm not going to do x-rays.
And so she said, well, then we've got to have you sign this form.
And she gives me the blank screen.
I said, I'm not going to sign a blank screen.
What's the form say?
So we go through the form and it just, I'm basically saying that the dentist, their employees,
blah, blah, blah, are not liable.
And so that's fine.
I'm not asking you to be liable for my decision.
It would be interesting to me if I had them sign that they're liable for the radiation
from the x-rays on my body.
I'm sure they wouldn't do that.
And when the dentist finally came in, he said, well, you've got to get these x-rays.
I said, well, I'm not doing that.
Well, then there's going to be a time where we can't do work for you anymore.
So that's fine.
Then I'll find another dentist.
It's just interesting to me.
I mean, it's a simple example, but another one happened.
I normally, I'm not reporting news on this program, but yesterday, a lady who is a person
I trust sent me, the latest on the UK, the reporting that Medazzalam was used to euthanize
COVID patients, there's illegal DNRs on these patients.
And, of course, this is all part of the controlled release of the evil.
But first, it's coming up from the UK where the United States was number one on the planet
with COVID hospital murders.
And so this allows the United States to point at these naughty Europeans for doing that
when we did it at a rate that's 10 times worse than them.
So the layers of deception are hard for me to grasp, but praise God, we've got a guess
that is an expert on layers of deception today.
Well, before we introduce our guest, as I always do with the show, I want to say something
about my best buddy.
So Don, can you bring up the actress photo first?
So this is Grace after she got done acting in one of the plays that she was in.
And she was really good at it.
She was a gift.
We're going to show a short clip, just a 42nd clip from the sound of music play that
she was in.
And she was the bower.
And she got this part specifically because she asked for it.
And she asked if she could add Liv and make it her own and boy did she ever.
So Don, can you play that clip, please?
Ladies and gentlemen, I have your decision of all this thing.
We will start out in third place.
In third place, the judges have names that sing a blown down air away again.
You know, Grace have down syndrome and people don't realize the capability of somebody
with down syndrome.
If you let them live and, you know, that applies to all of us.
But, you know, I always share these things about grace because, you know, the society
is against people with disabilities, especially down syndrome in the United States, 90% of
down syndrome.
People are murdered in the womb today and Grace was the best thing that God ever gave
us second to salvation.
All right.
Well, moving on to our program, Don, can you bring Jay in, please?
Jay, welcome.
Good to see you.
Good to see you and as well, Scott, it's well, I don't know what to say other than I share
my deepest condolences with you for the loss of your daughter.
It's a very hard story to hear.
Well, thank you very much for that.
So Jay is somebody I've been following for quite a while for about two years, and he
didn't know it until I tracked him down because I saw a presentation that he did.
I thought, oh, my gosh, I wonder if he'd come on this podcast.
And I've titled today's program, Layers of Deception.
For those of you who don't know Jay, I'm going to have him introduce himself because
the bio that he gave has got so many high points, I think he can say it best.
So Jay, can you introduce yourself to the audience, please?
Sure.
Thanks very much, Scott.
I'm a guy who answered very young that I wanted to be a doctor, and that's the best
answer you can give to adults.
Everybody lights up like a light bulb when you say you want to be a doctor.
And so I got kind of stuck in that mold for a little while.
I went all the way to college and thought I was a pre-med student, and I was on the
wait list for five years in a row to like three different med schools in the Chicagoland
area.
And in that time, I was a bartender and a high school teacher, just kind of treading
water, telling everybody that eventually I'm going to be a doctor.
And at some point, I was making so much money as a bartender, I decided to stay just a bartender,
and that kind of was the start of not necessarily bad things.
Put me on a precipice that meant that when I didn't interact well with the bar owner,
I lost my job.
That put me in the want ads of the Chicago Tribune, and I found a technician job at
the University of Chicago that brought me all the way back to my love of biology, got
me already again fired up about science, but not from the perspective of med school, but
rather from the perspective of doing a PhD and becoming a scientist.
And I just never really considered that as a possibility.
I didn't understand it.
It was just I was going to be a doctor.
That's what I had said and what I was going to do.
Then I found myself teaching high school and really enjoying the aspect of teaching, but
really just disturbed by the whole administration of school and the things that other teachers
say and the number of teachers that had given up.
So I was pretty disillusioned young adult for a long time between 20 and 30 years old
until I found biology again.
That was two years or three years of technician work at the University of Chicago.
I took a chance and moved to the Netherlands and did my PhD there.
I was lucky enough to trick a Dutch woman into falling in love with me.
And then I took her to the Norway with me.
And we had our first two sons in Norway, and then we came back to the Netherlands hoping
to live there.
She has a pretty wonderful extended family in the Netherlands.
You know, 15 years ago was still a pretty, pretty nice place to live.
But that didn't work out four years in Rotterdam brought me back to Pittsburgh.
And so we tried again to start my scientific career in Pittsburgh.
I got a pretty good position.
I enjoyed where I was.
I was biking to and from Pittsburgh, the University of Pittsburgh on my bike all year
around.
I was able to teach every once in a while at Carnegie Mellon, which kind of scratched
the teaching itch.
Everything was going pretty well.
And then the pandemic started and I started to very quickly question most of it, especially
the sort of what I would consider now almost ridiculous measures that they were trying
to get us to do, putting on a mask as soon as you walked into the hospital and walking
over to someone at the door and signing in and then getting your temperature taken and
put a little sticker on your badge so that they could see that you had your temperature
taken.
And if you wanted to go between buildings, you had to do it again.
And it just seemed so ridiculous.
They didn't even want me to bring my bike to work anymore because I was going through
the garage and they didn't want me to bring the bike through the lobby.
And since I couldn't go through the garage and then come back through the front and they
were calling the saying I was a violation of the protocol anyway, at some moment the
faculty decided that I was too scary to let to come in anymore.
And they basically stopped my research, stopped talking to me and didn't renew my contract
and in the university system, you can't move on if you don't have recommendations.
If your research just stopped, if you don't have finished papers.
And so they basically just ended a 20 year career in neurobiology and I found myself
kind of, I didn't know what to do.
So I just kept producing more stuff on my YouTube channel where I was teaching immunology
and virology and reading the papers and trying to talk everyone back into believing that natural
immunity meant something from the very beginning and that a lot of these worst case scenarios
they've been telling us about for the last nine months aren't real.
And that eventually got the attention of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I was lucky enough to be able to help him behind the scenes write this Wuhan cover up
book that came out.
I guess I get my time frames mixed up now, but I think it came out like just this last
fall.
But anyway.
Yeah, I've got a copy rate.
Hey, nice.
Yeah.
So that was a copy here.
And then I got.
Yeah, it's a nice book.
It's a nice book and there's a lot of good biology in it from me and from other people.
There's a couple really important citations that are in that book that aren't in any
other book.
And then for six months after that I worked for Children's Health Defense and in January,
unfortunately, the approach that I take apparently with my stream encroached on the way that
CHD interacts with their partners and they decided to let me go.
That's the all the details I got.
I was offered a small severance package of $8,000 and an NDA and I turned that down
because I wanted to be able to tell everybody the truth about what happened and I didn't
want people to speculate that somehow I took lots of money from CHD.
And so I considered it a donation.
I really think that organization is still spectacular.
I loved working with Brian Hooker and with Jackie Hines and the other people that I got
to work with while I was there.
For whatever reason, there's more interests involved in that organization than I guess
can cope with a guy like me or something.
I don't know.
But anyway, I'm back on the internet now.
I'm back to teaching as often as I can and usually what I'm trying to do is what I'm
going to do for you here, which is try to bring people back to reconsider what happened
in 2020 and not buy the narrative on Fox News and not buy the narrative on MSNBC.
Because I think there's a way to show everybody that actually both of those narratives led
to the same place and if we can do that, I think, and more importantly, if we can get
young adults to realize that the ones that we abandoned for a couple years that we sent
off to college and didn't keep home and didn't, I think that was one of the biggest mistakes
we made is letting our college kids make this decision that, well, college is so important
that I'm going to go and I'm going to take tests and I'm eventually going to take a
shot in order to go back to college.
We should have been there for them and I think if we had been, we might be in a very different
place right now.
So we have to also apologize to them for that, I think.
Should I start this little thing?
I'll get it done quick.
Yeah, Don, Don, we're going to have Jay start and then we'll come back as we talk.
Go ahead.
It's all yours.
Okay, thanks.
So this presentation I gave a little while ago, I'm really happy Scott's letting me do
it.
I'm just going to give the first introduction to kind of give you an idea of how science
and information and discussions can be manipulated and please don't misunderstand this as me
representing this as something that I've put together.
I'm standing on the shoulders of giants going all the way back to somebody like Thomas Sol.
We should not be misleading the young and I guarantee you that that's what they are
intending to do right now.
The way that this has been best described is by Edward Bernays, the conscious and intelligent
manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element of democratic
society.
This guy lived in the 1920s when there were only newspapers and radio.
Imagine the kind of power that we have abdicated to the people that own social media and that
own mainstream media and that are no longer held to the standard that even we held our
TV stations to in the 80s where you couldn't go on TV and lie.
You can now you can literally go on TV and lie then the the NFL is actually entertainment.
It is not a sport anymore.
So we have to acknowledge these things and more importantly we have to acknowledge this
social media isn't the free speech world that we imagine it to be because the algorithms
and because money and power are behind it.
There are people on the internet that have been for years promoted artificially to make
sure that whatever voice you seek, whatever opinion you seek, it is sort of already preconceived
by someone that they have control over so that the limited spectrum of debate is enforced
whether you know it or not.
Now this the selling point I have for the pandemic that I think is most important is
to understand that the left and the right, the Tories and the labor, wherever country
you want to go in both sides and it's incredible really how often western countries have two
sides of the coin but both sides have been fooled into solving a mystery and that's
why I call it a an illusion of consensus about this Scooby-Doo.
They have agreed on both sides that there is a mystery to be solved and it's a mystery
about a lab leak.
The important thing to see is that this illusion of consensus didn't start in 2020 with some
panic on the television and radio.
This illusion of consensus started already a couple decades ago with the funding of the
publishing of and the encouragement with more funding of specific lines of investigation
which started to imply that pandemic potential existed in mother nature.
If you tell scientists with millions of dollars to go find something and show you evidence
that something exists and if you find that evidence will give you more money I can guarantee
you they're going to find evidence.
They might not find good evidence but they will find good reasons to argue that their
bad evidence is evidence of what you want to find.
They have also conducted over and over again over the years many people are aware of the
event 201 but you can go and find several more exercises that have occurred over time
which have reinforced this idea that bioterrorism, bioweapons that this possibility is almost
limitless and this importantly has led to at the start of the pandemic very many embedded
preconceived notions about what worst case scenario is and they have taken advantage
of that.
All of these people in these meetings that had lanyards on that got to go to the fancy
dinners afterward or had some special meeting in Italy because that's where all these people
went that year.
These people have all preconceived notions about what worst case scenario is and their
careers have depended on them respecting it as real.
At the beginning of the pandemic now a very diabolical trick I believe was played on us
and that they told us a lot of stories about what was happening in expectation that when
they transfected us and I will define that later of course when you ask, when they transfected
us when they used the countermeasures that they knew they were going to use.
They also knew that there would be expected side effects, expected downsides and they
seeded that expectation in the story in 2020.
There are lots of internet rumors and things like people falling down on the street but
also intermediate rumors like heart attacks, waves of heart attacks that were actually
caused by and I'm sure Scott's aware of this just do not resuscitate orders that were given
to entire EMT teams so that when they went out they were told don't resuscitate people
because you might spread the virus.
This led to their ability to confound expected problems to come from the countermeasures
with problems that they blamed on the virus and this was all done by a team of people
that were already ready to go.
More importantly where they were going to perform these things like in New York, you
must be very very suspicious of New York because the story in New York is very stark.
It is twenty four thousand people give or take were killed or died or disappeared
or vanished or buried in four weeks in New York City and then the dying basically stopped
and went back to Baselay.
We don't know where all these bodies are.
We don't know who they are.
We don't know their names.
No, there's no good accounting of them and in fact there are many many people who will
tell you that nobody was dying in New York City in 2020 and the real dying started in
2021.
It's extraordinary because the way this probably worked and this is a pretty good estimation
from a lot of different sides is that if this was a national security issue that they were
considering worst case scenario possible then in certain places they would have the military
industrial complex whoever it is the executive branch HHS DOD would have been waiting for
good Samaritan doctors to show up in New York City and a few of them have probably been
co-opted co-opted to go along with this worst case scenario why because we don't know at
the time if the worst case scenario is going to come and we need to impress on a nation
of 350 million people we need to impress upon a planet of 8 billion people that the worst
case scenario is possible and that we all need to comply and so this was super important
and it has been going on for four years where they have been continuously reinforcing that
the reason why they acted the reason why they did what they did the reason why they rushed
what they rushed the reason why they lied when they lied whatever the excuse is is because
worst case scenario was possible and in fact the worst case scenario gets worse and worse
as we go into the future because all of these technologies are supposedly getting easier
and easier and cheaper and cheaper and so eventually people are going to make these viruses in
their garage with a bachelor's degree in biology what I want is high morbidity I want people
to complain so what do I do I go to Des Moines ladies and gentlemen of people on the screen
I have nothing against Des Moines I live there for four years I go to Des Moines I infect
a couple of Sentinel cases in Des Moines I go to Seattle I infect a couple of cases there
I go to North Carolina I go to Wisconsin what I'm doing is I'm using a dispersion methodology
to be able to infect Sentinel cases with a highly morbid condition these individuals
complain again this is a central nervous system condition so they're complaining of whatever
the bug may do so what this guy is describing and this guy's name is James Giordano and
you can find him on the internet there's lots of videos off of YouTube you can watch
hours of him describing worst case scenarios with regard to bio weapon deployment and how
a bio weapon deployment could be exaggerated with the internet and used to destabilize
a country and he's got lots of examples of neurotoxins and chemicals and nanobots and
all kinds of things that it could be done with now what I would like everyone that's
watching to consider is that what he's also revealing actually is that if the right combination
of liars got together and decided that they were going to pretend or agree that worst
case scenario was happening that a lot of what James Giordano would ascribe to a neurotoxin
or a chemical or some kind of magic deployment of new military technology could be simply
done with testing and protocols that had financial incentives for people to follow those protocols
and unfortunately all of those things actually exist in our current timeline we have a military
response that was documented in certain places in America including in New York City we have
a co-opted selection group of narrative controllers that have been put in front of us from the
very beginning have been selling books about the virus from the very beginning and are still
in front of us now they have there was a financial and legal incentive to call things COVID including
the fact that if EMTs and doctors called it COVID then they were off the hook for malpractice
because this was a novel virus that was protected under the prep act a coordinated propaganda campaign
to drill the worst case scenario was combined with scaring doctors by sending the old doctors
home and giving them early retirement giving early professor or old professors early retirement
at universities was done all around the United States which created this work wow they're they're
letting the the chair of the department retire that's crazy this must really be a dangerous virus
then they did something absolutely diabolical and they used the protocols to kill people and
unfortunately for the the host of this podcast he knows exactly how this was done in one of many
different examples of how vulnerable people using protocols that were absolutely amoral and absolutely
wrong for for the well-being of the patient were used under the pretense of this worst case scenario
and in turn those numbers were used to justify to the rest of the country that the worst case
scenario was happening right and this is diabolical they knew they had to do this in order to get
compliance and so now the question only is what percentage do you want to attribute to what part
of this this murdering scheme because there is no need to have a virus except in the cases where
like the Sohomish County man in Washington state you actually claim to have cultured the virus
and sequenced its full genome and it's exactly the same as Wuhan well maybe there they have planted
something like Giordano has has said to create the illusion of a pandemic maybe they planted
the sequence in other places as well so that the sequence would be found and could be confounded
with this worst case scenario however grace and and and Rebecca's daughter whose name i can't
remember right now and all the other other victims of and people have lost husbands and wives
when they went into the hospitals and it was the wrong hospital they weren't coming out
and this reality was part of a pre-existing narrative that unlike what Giordano says with
magic bioweapons and things like that this is really a very clever combination of misdirection
and and and fear confusion frustration doubt that allowed this story of a novel virus that
killed millions of people but we saved millions more from by injecting people Paul Offit just
said two days ago on his little podcast that the one thing we got right was the mRNA injection
wow was that exciting we got it right when we've never used it before it was the most extraordinary
lie i'd ever heard in recent memory and of course they're telling us that this virus will come again
i have been trying to explain that this pandemic potential in of in a bat cave or in a cell culture
or in animal passage or even if you stitch pieces together has been a clever mythology that has
been told to us so that we will hand it down to our children so that we will tell our children that
the worst case scenario actually didn't happen and that if it did it could be billions of people
dead that's what they want us to believe so that we will surrender our sovereignty and we will
invert our freedom to a sort of fascism and we will do it gladly because we are afraid that these
people are out of control and a lot of these intellectual dark web joe rogan bret Weinstein type
people have actually been responsible for us getting to the stage where we believe this
this this possibility is real so there were also guys that were talking at the beginning of the
pandemic that like this dude biblical i kid you not people come in i get intubated they die
the cycle repeats that guy got put on tucker carlson he says that his daughter is also he's
scared because his daughter works at another hospital in new york they got people on tv to tell
you that what was happening wasn't what was really happening and it was part of this exercise and
you can see it because they won't do the math about where these excess deaths come from none of these
people will and what this is they don't talk about the fact that they sent these doctors home that
they told these emts not to touch anybody they told people that they needed to be ventilated
because if you don't ventilate them they might spread it through the whole hospital
they didn't tell everybody they don't explain to people that they told doctors not to use antibiotics
because antibiotics don't work on a virus they told doctors that steroids don't work you can't
use those to calm down the cytokine storm they didn't tell everybody that remdesivir would hurt
people they didn't tell everybody that mandazalam was overused they haven't told everybody that
opioid deaths have gone skyrocketing the last three years and have been mixed in with this excess
deaths that have nothing to do with the novel virus they don't talk about the death certificate
fraud the financial incentives to do it they don't talk about the track and trace millions of dollars
who are spent just in Pittsburgh alone on four different companies that hired people to call
people to tell people that somebody you know tested positive for covid they don't talk about
the pcr fraud the lateral tense fraud and the sequencing fraud the important thing to see here
is it's a spread of bad ideas it's scarier than this RNA virus that they're talking about the RNA
molecule that they spread say spread from muhan all around the world and it's still going now
and the important thing to understand is that this is done across the board and the best example
for this audience might be autism and the reason why i can give you this example is because i'm a
neuro neurobiologist and so i was in this field where everybody's trying to study the brain
and there are potentially millions of dollars of grant money available if you have a good idea
or you have a good um interesting thing that you want to uh that you want to investigate
but the problem is is that these millions if not billions of dollars have been
focused on particular things by asking these doctors to ask particular questions and in the
case of autism and a lot of these other diseases the trick is that they know that
how can i explain as quick as possible they know that the only thing that they have to offer and
the only thing that they really care about is cracking the human genome and so what they've done
with almost all the NIH funding but only thing i can really speak to as clearly as possible is
neurobiology the study of the brain they focus on genes and the reason why they focus on genes is
because this is the only straw they have to grasp on and because they can create almost an
infinite variety of illusions by blaming things on genes and autism is a fantastic example of that
where they have invested millions of dollars with grant calls which ask researchers to find
connections with particular particular genes and autism with particular uh with particular
childhood diseases which resemble autism and the genetic causes of those and then
misconstruing those as explaining autism which comes from vaccine injury by uh for example and
so this this cleverness extends to almost all science but the science that is most distorted
by this level of of disingenuousness is medical sciences it's the sciences that impinges on the
healthcare system and drugs and and the intellectual property that supports it and so all of these
these investigations are pigeonholed in this way as a biologist it's it's likely that i
would not have been able to get grant money to study vaccine injury models of autism so in other
words they they come up with lots of grants that are a mouse model of of all Alzheimer's disease
or a mouse model of Parkinson's disease but they would never ever fund a mouse model of vaccine
injury they will fund a mouse model of genetic causes of autism and if you make a genetic
knockout mouse that doesn't socialize well with its mom and you call that a model of autism they'll
fund that till the cows come home but if you tell them that you want to make and develop an
animal model where you use a vaccine equivalent to inject and then investigate what happens to
that animal's physiology you'll get it not a dime and that that's the that's the reality of it so
for 10 years they've been putting billions in the uu in america into the genetic causes of all of
these things and so now the entire field is more or less convinced that the genetic
causes are the only thing that we need to worry about that our interaction with the environment that
interference with development that that any of these things are secondary to the genetic causes
because first and foremost that's how i get my money and so with regard to the pandemic potential
that we are now told is inevitable and exists for all time the same methodology was used you
give money you tell people what you want them to find and then they publish papers
that says well we kind of found some stuff and if you do that long enough eventually you have a
whole trail of papers that can be pointed to and said well pandemic potential exists in mother
nature subscript 4 5 6 pandemic potential has been identified in bat caves subscript 2 3 and 4
and if you go back to those papers you find that those papers say the same things well there might be
and this limited spectrum of debate is where we now live and we imagine that there's all this
certainty and that all these people on the news are correct and that they all know what they're
talking about more than we could possibly ever understand so we might as well just give up
watch Netflix and not question them and in reality most of what we think is high fidelity biology
which is defined a pandemic over the last four years is smoke and mirrors and the most terrible
thing is is that the moms and dads who had vaccine injured kids already were onto this fraud the
the people that were affected by AIDS and AZT were already onto this fraud and it's just
unfortunate that the media machine has already kept us apart for decades and now the pandemic
now represents a time where this limited spectrum of debate can kind of be exposed for
what it is and we can kind of reorient and try to I guess the best phrase is to take our country
back again I don't know what else to say other than that yeah well is that right are you still
there I am well thanks Jay that was fantastic you can hear me okay I could hear you no yes sorry I
had one down there for a second yeah that was that was really good these layers of deception I
mean they create a false science and then base their evidence on something false that that they
created I mean that is it's it's really something to me and I want to have Don play this clip
about Edward Bernays you introduced him but I want to play this clip and just I want to
spend just a couple minutes on him because he really got this idea of propaganda going so
Don can you play that clip he's a guy that was brought to my attention by Vera Sharav
who's also a good fighter on our team yes she starts her presentation with him every day every
time so I give a big shout out to her and her work well I just talked with her this last week
she's fast she's writing a book right now she's she has been a gift to me personally with all
of her knowledge Don play the Edward Bernays clip please a pioneer in the field of propaganda
he's also referred to as the father of public relations Bernays believed that public relations
is not a gimmick but a necessity he argued that public relations could be used to shape the
response of a general or particular audience he understood that perception often mattered more
than reality Bernays was born in Vienna Austria in 1891 and later his family moved to New York City
he graduated from Cornell University with a degree in agriculture in 1912 one of Bernays major
contributions was his groundbreaking book titled propaganda published in 1928 which rebranded the
term propaganda as a consistent enduring effort to create or shape events to influence the
relations of the public to an enterprise idea or group in it he expounded his belief that an
invisible ruling elite could control the masses through psychological manipulation
awesome yeah I think that was a it's a good clip it gives everybody a flavor a couple of things I
want to share is are that first of all that man lived to be 104 years old it's interesting
yeah it's interesting to me that a number of these people who are
really evil they live to be over a hundred we're not going to cover that today but you can just
chew on that if you're you're listening the the thing that I want to mention is we had a law in
place that was put in place in 1948 called the Smith month act and interestingly the Smith
month act said that the United States could only use propaganda against foreign countries all right
so it you know that's a that's propaganda in and of itself because now we have this illusion
that they're not using propaganda against us and the what I would consider the third largest
sign up that we've ever experienced in United States history happened post 1948 which was the
JFK murder but that was when that law was in place well then in 2012 the law is repealed so now we
can we can lie to our own citizens and it's legal and Jay was mentioning you know he was mentioning
that earlier but I wanted to connect the dots on how they do this I mean they they do it with
these levels of deception and it's it's mind-blowing to me uh so any comment any further comment on
that Jay before we move on no no I just am really happy that we connect on Bernays because he's
his historic relevance also I mean he's it's too old not to take seriously if they could
think in that way when there were only a few newspapers and word traveled very much by word of
mouth what they can do now with cell phones and and social media I'm afraid none of us
understand how bad it is I don't think we can understand how bad it is I I agree I have stopped
trying to understand how bad it is because you end up going in these rabbit holes and you can't
get out of them you just jump from hall to hall um a you know speaking of newspapers I'm gonna
have Don bring up a newspaper clip next on the screen so can you bring up the gold standard
all right so this clip is from April 6th of 1933 and what happened on April 5th of 1933 I think
is extremely significant as to how they pulled this off and what happened is we went off the
gold standard as a country on April 5th and this article says that anybody who doesn't turn in
their gold is subject to a ten thousand dollar penalty from the government all right so why do I
say that God says the love of money is the root of all sorts of evil well before April 5th of
1933 they they meaning everybody in you know the United States is leading the charge here but they
had to balance the budget after 1933 they don't have to balance the budget anymore as we have a fiat
currency and so now they can use money to literally buy any single person they want
and there's no accountability anymore because it's a fiat currency I think it is one of the key
tentacles of how they were able to pull off things like COVID but I mean COVID is is I don't want to
focus on COVID from the point of view that it's over and all of that I want to focus on COVID
because what COVID did to me personally is expose the evil that has been going on for a long time
and that's why I showed what happened in 1933 you know and then if you look at you know the the
focus on people that are are into eschatology as a scyop you know because they can't stop going
down rabbit holes they they're looking for the mark of the beast and they don't realize the
mark of the beast is this whole system that we've already been into I mean there's a digital
currency okay well I mean we get I mean that's the worst thing we're already in in that era
right we only use credit cards we have a fiat currency so the next it's just the next generation
of what we're already used to all right I want to uh switch gears and drill down this COVID
scyop you know you know a little bit different light from some of the angles that I've been
investigating so you know just we'll set the stage I'm going to have Don bring up a couple
of clips then and then we're going to do some deep dive into some things that are on my radar
screen that I believe you've you're probably one of the only few people who can answer so we'll just
start with we know that COVID was a scyop so what is that scyop in in in tail well it entails a
virus it entails a pandemic it entails hospital murders and entails a quote vaccine end quote
those are the four elements of the the scyop so they had to start this with this three weeks to
flatten the curve you know so we kind of all bought into that idea okay well if this is real
three weeks to flatten the curve everybody can give up three weeks no biggie right all right well
of course that was a lie well then they start the false testing and so now well boy everybody's
got COVID we got drive-through testing centers you know this whole you know I'm on just on the
surface level here folks but then okay well now it gets serious we got to do the hospital murders
and we've got these these refrigerated trucks in New York City with you know people stacked up
like cordwood and it's like oh my gosh this is you know this is the scyop that at this point
my wife and I were buying into so now we get all COVID prepared at our house right we've got
Ivermectin we got vitamins but you know so then once Grace got a cold we tested her with the home
test that my wife Cindy got from Walgreens and oh my gosh her oxygen dropped to 88 percent and
you know literally Grace would be alive today if we wouldn't have taken her to the hospital
and I'm not going to go on that rabbit trail I've talked about on many many shows before well then
now we start looking at some truth all right so that's the lay of the land now we look at some
some truth if you can look through the headline so Don bring up the first headline the the daily
beast screenshot okay so let's read this together Jay Trump's COVID data crunchers seek
coronavirus racing down America's major highways all right so they use this as
their talking point that we shouldn't travel okay because we're spreading it by traveling
and yet what they're doing and I'm going to have you comment in a minute Don bring up the next
screenshot because now I went to world data and this this screenshot that Don's going to bring
up next okay it's up on the screen now you see it's interesting that if this thing was a virus
that we all need to be fearful of you can see the date I picked was September 21st 2020 Jay
you can see well why why did certain countries not get it and I'm I picked out specifically if
you look at of course Greenland didn't get it and you know there's a whole movie I'm you know
getting to Greenland but then the interesting country that didn't get the virus as of September
21st of 2020 was Ukraine anyway what is your thought about this you know at this point in the
in that whole scheme where there you know I when I started to see these maps that oh wow this is
interesting it went along these highway corridors and it didn't it didn't jump certain countries I
started okay is this thing even a virus so the show is yours go ahead my response would be that
this is in retrospect I think really strong evidence for the play which I think they really
planned all along which was that the island that I will step back one second and say that I do
think that most of the theater that was engaged in was orchestrated by the five ice countries
including ourselves so Canada Australia New Zealand England us and of course that's because
these are the people that we can most easily identify with as Americans and so what needed to
happen is Americans needed to see examples of lockdowns that were number one much harsher than
theirs and number two that worked and so Australia New Zealand are examples of lockdowns that worked
and they they locked down in Australia most of us can't remember that they were allowed outside
for one hour a day they locked down for hundreds of days in a row they weren't allowed to go from
state to state unless they were vaccinated and that level of control they could have never executed
in America but they needed to set an example and they needed to be able to say that because we
locked down we didn't have any cases until 2021 and so that's the story that I think was there that's
the that was the thing we were being shown these ridiculously angry Australian and New Zealand
leaders but also the Americans saying well maybe their lockdown is going to work you know and maybe
maybe the Japanese are wearing masks and that's why they're not sick all of this speculation was
pre-prepared and it's part of this limited spectrum of debate where then the people on TV are arguing
not about whether there's a virus but whether or not the lockdowns there are working better
than the lockdowns here yep exactly that's exactly what they want they want us to get into these
dialectic arguments that have nothing to do with the truth oh we're gonna rattle through a couple
more here so what do you think about when they pulled the Johnson and Johnson shot yeah it's
exactly the same thing and the worst part about this is is that we can go back to Jesse
Gelsinger and know that they already knew that adenovirus wasn't going to be a useful way to augment
a human body the functioning human body Jesse Gelsinger is a guy who had a very rare genetic
disorder missing a enzyme in his in his liver it's very debilitating you have to have a very
special diet yeah yeah yeah and they tried to transfect his liver with the enzyme that he needed
using an adenovirus vector which is very similar to Johnson and Johnson and AstraZeneca
and after it worked for about a week or so of course his immune system attacked his liver he had
acute liver failure and died this hasn't been improved in any way because you're still encroaching
on the same you know barrier and the same immune system that needs to understand the difference
between self and non-self and the moment you start transfecting foreign proteins into parts of your
body the immune system is not up to that challenge that's not a natural that's not a natural question
that the immune system ever has to answer yes and so that's the problem you know there aren't
supposed to be cells in your body that are expressing foreign proteins that's that's if they are they
need to be eliminated and and so anyway I think that's that's probably the best
and the most diabolical part of the rollout because that is pointed to as evidence that the system
works and that when there's a red then when there's a bad signal we pulled it from the market and so
exactly obviously if we didn't pull the mRNA off the market there was no signal
yeah yep it's like it was I'm going to come back to that because I see there's a bigger
sacrifice that I think is coming so J&J gets sacrificed for the good of the agenda all right
so then you know the first big lawsuit that was filed was the remdesivir lawsuit in California
all right and so I have an opinion of that but you have a perspective of the remdesivir lawsuit
was that the one about glass in the bottles no this is that there is a number of families
got together the attorneys filed against Gilead for producing remdesivir because remdesivir
killed their loved ones okay so you know I see the remdesivir lawsuit as what's the best case
scenario you know the best case scenario is Gilead has to pay the people who were killed by
remdesivir assuming it can be proven which you know it's easily proven but I mean you're trapped
in the court system first but assuming that they win what what do they get they get a payment
relative to a drug that killed them it doesn't stop anything because all it is is a the worst case
scenario is a money judgment so I see that as simply another distraction and they're moving on
to substantially worse things while people are thinking you know putting their hopes in a remdesivir
lawsuit one okay I want to move on to one that I'm guessing you that's everything I don't want
you to move on yet I think it's a really interesting um I don't disagree with you at all it's just
the first time I've ever heard anyone characterize there any remdesivir lawsuit could almost fit
into that category exactly if you're going for financial damages which inevitably is what people
go for then you're not solving the problem at all actually and that's that's really interesting
well we structured Grace's lawsuit specifically to go after the people who pulled the trigger
that's why our lawsuit is extremely expensive because we didn't you know the the attorneys just
wanted us to go against Ascension Hospital System because that's where the money is but we named five
doctors and two nurses to make a statement that the people who pulled the trigger are responsible
for pulling the trigger you can't blame the hospital that they loaded the gun somebody still pulled
the trigger and that's the same thing with remdesivir and the reason it's it's true with remdesivir is
because you know you could you could say in the first three weeks four weeks maybe of the hospital
stays that well we didn't know but now you've got the COVID era is 39 months and they're still using
it and it has a 75% kill rate well now you're responsible because you you know nobody is that
dumb to not see the kill rate in the hospital that you work at and same with same thing with
ventilators so you could use remdesivir and ventilators same thing you know you're you're not
you know people are responsible remdesivir is not responsible ventilators and aren't responsible
people are responsible so people have to be held to account that's the only way to you know if
we're going to use the system wow god i've never heard anyone say this it's so extraordinary
to me that i've never heard anyone say this before well i it's not it but i'm just a dad so
anyway i just see the leader you you you have come off to me in our in our previous conversations as
being a guy who has been um meddled with on this and encouraged to go in the wrong direction or
or in a useless direction several times and hearing use is simply describe it this way is
really enlightening to me and it's something that i know i can take and repeat because it makes
perfect sense to me to think this way um i i really like it a lot um and it will also it also i think
this this concept also will put more onus on all of these health care practitioners to understand
what they're doing and to think a little bit more about about their responsibilities to their
patient because right now i think they do kind of hide behind the the you know i'm just part of
the system i just do it i'm told kind of thing yeah yeah i agree all right i want to go through
another one i was asked this one is because i was on a show and they asked me do you think that
there was ever a virus and you know i'm don't have any credentials like you do but i mean the
the research that i have been exposed to i thought no this was this was never a virus
and so the lady who was the host said well what what do you make then of the patents the patents
for the virus i said well how do you know that the patents weren't planted to get us to think that
it was a virus so anyway your perspective on planted patents yeah so that's i i'm right there
with you um i just want i would like to maybe clarify just a little bit to make sure that
the people that are listening um get it uh the the point is uh a rather simple one um
and i'll just you don't have to go away um i'll just use it here uh hold on one second
and this needs to go away and this needs to come back and so i will just use this one slide here and
just show you this picture so this is a little animation of what's supposed to happen inside
of your cell as a virus is assembled this little tiny red string there is supposed to be the genome
of the virus that's wrapped around these bigger pink proteins which are the end protein
and then the virus gets enveloped into this endosome and uh it's going to repeat again now here
so you see again the genome gets packaged around the end protein and then it gets
invaginated into the endosome and the endosome already has spike protein expressed on the inside
of it so then at the end you get this little ball so this is a cartoon which has been given to us
by the pbs news hour and bill gates and all these virologists and because the cartoon is so pretty
and detailed it's very tempting to believe that their their understanding of this process is as
pretty and as detailed and that would be a complete lie um it's important to understand that they
they have a loose idea of how viruses replicate but for example i wonder if anybody in your in
your audience understands that the influenza virus needs to carry an enzyme with it in order
to make copies for itself and a coronavirus supposedly doesn't need an enzyme with it because it makes
its enzyme after it gets inside of your cells already a huge difference that they never talk
about with regard to these viruses but it's very different in their cartoon the reason why this is
important is because the cartoon that they have told you is one where the virus goes into your
lungs and it makes copies of itself and then those copies come out and go to other people but
if you read virology pre-pandemic and you try to understand the phenomenon of RNA viruses you
understand that none of the real virologists on the ground believe that cartoon that the virus
goes into your lungs makes copies of itself and comes back out they understand all kinds of things
are not real about that cartoon they know that the virus can't make copies of itself very well
it's very hard for it to grow in new tissues or to jump from animal to animal in their own
best estimation they can never really find full sequences in the wild and instead they need to
find fragments of it and then fill in the blanks to get a best guess of what this RNA might have
been had they been able to retrieve the whole virus from the bat or from the cave or from whatever
sample they had it in from the sample of the patient and so this important distinction about
what viruses are and what they aren't in a laboratory has been obfuscated since basically AIDS and
they have been using similar techniques that are actually indirect measurements of the presence of
something and never definitively show that this structure is related to this effect or these
proteins are related to this effect but they're all co-present or correlated with
it's never a direct measurement so the most important thing to think about here is whether or not the
virus can make copies of itself and how well it does that because in in RNA virology they can't they
know that they can't and they used to whine about it that RNA viruses are so hard to study because
we can't ever get them to grow and the reason why that is is more because of the aspects of
DNA versus RNA DNA is a double-stranded molecule DNA has a number of enzymes that work together
that can copy it and also proofread the copies RNA is single-stranded most of the time in nature
and most of the time when we use it in our bodies messenger RNA is single-stranded and therefore
if you were to try and copy it you wouldn't have two copies to compare to so proofreading it would
be more difficult and in fact the mechanisms that are used on double-stranded DNA can't be used on
RNA because RNA is single-stranded so coronaviruses are actually single-stranded RNA and if you think
about coronaviruses like a mixtape if you want to make coronaviruses in the laboratory and you
assemble them and you find one you can't make copies of a mixtape over and over and over again
because the tape copies will get more and more terrible nobody will want to use them in headphones
because the sound deteriorates CDs on the other hand can be copied you can share them with your
friends you can and they can make copies of the copies that you made and they don't deteriorate
in in quality this analogy is pretty close to how RNA versus DNA would be copied in any
mammalian or or well eukaryotic system it doesn't matter what biology you're talking about
copying DNA is high fidelity and copying RNA if it's even done his lower fidelity than this
copying process so what that translates to very simply is that RNA virology doesn't work very
well in a dish he can't really grow them very often and if you look at these coronavirus papers
that from all these crazy laboratories that everybody's pointing out has gained a function
you will find that they never can grow the virus they always find the sequence they always reconstruct
the sequence retrieve the sequence and then the sequence is instead translated into DNA
and that DNA then can be used to grow lots of copies like a CD lots of copies of itself
now if it's a coronavirus they've realized that they have to make it into pieces to make lots
of copies of it and they reassemble it but that doesn't matter for this purpose it's to understand
that it wouldn't grow in culture but it does they can make a DNA copy of it the nice thing about
this is is that this uses very standard industrial techniques for making any biologic you just grow
it in an E. coli culture the E. coli faithfully makes copies of your DNA after you take the E. coli
out of those cultures you can convert that DNA to RNA and now you have a form of the virus that
never existed in nature that you couldn't retrieve from the cave that you couldn't pull out of the
bat and it's super pure because it came from one single sequence of DNA that was copied many times
so instead of having a swarm of incomplete RNAs which is the best possible virus model that the
virology experts could be left with at this stage if it's not just all mythology that that still is
is artificially recreated with this process to a purity level and to a quantity that can't
exist anywhere in nature this would allow them to send it around to all their friends so that all
their friends can do the same experiments using the same RNA and more importantly you could make
large quantities of this and you could distribute it anywhere you wanted to and wherever you look
for it you would find it and it wouldn't be variable like one from mother nature it would be pure
the signal would be great the PCR primers would work perfect the the RNA would culture in a dish
and you would be able to sequence it and report a full sequence unlike any virus that you could
find in mother nature and the crazy thing is is that they've known that they can do this there's a
paper before the the um I won't go into that now with you there are many papers before the pandemic
which have tried to look at the replication fidelity of coronaviruses and found this same thing
that they just don't replicate very well and the best thing that we can do the way that we
can make the most infectious materials to start with a DNA clone make lots of RNA from that and
then do all of our experiments from this stock which has nothing to do with whatever phenomenon
they call SARS-CoV-2 that supposedly came from a laboratory in Wuhan that's the big that's the
big trick that they've pulled on us wow I'm glad you have those slides at your disposal that
they do a fantastic job of explaining and you have a gift at putting words to the slide so thank you
for that I want to move on to one more talking point before we close today which is you know how
they're setting this whole thing up now to be up all about COVID and the setup the first setup was
Congress illegally ended COVID on April 10th of 2023 and if you start looking at everything since
April 10th of 2023 you start seeing uh these are these are purposely the the narratives are
purposely being released to get us to look at we've got to have responsibility for what happened
with COVID and or COVID was we made mistakes but we'll get it right next time that's what's going on
now and I see every headline through that lens and bigger picture so when I think when you and I
talked a couple weeks ago Jay we talked about the movie sound of freedom so when you watch sound
of freedom you see you know it was a fine film but then if you look at okay what's really going on
here well why did it take them five years to release it why didn't they talk about the real
issue which is what's behind the the child trafficking the the killing of children for organs the
killing of children for the satanic rituals why didn't they talk about that and the real
clothes the real hook to that movie was right at the end and I saw the hook of course I can't
watch anything now like I used to because there's no fun in watching it I'm always looking for
the gotcha and the gotcha in that film is the man who it was based on they showed his testimony
his live testimony you know wasn't live in the film but his his real testimony in front of congress
and that congress is making a commitment to end this that we're going to have legislation
oh my gosh congress is in on it congress is in on this whole COVID science so you can't have
congress do an investigation of itself or pass a law against itself when they're in on it
all right so now that being said we my wife and I watched the movie shot dead and I know the
director and producer of the the documentary she's she's one I believe is trustworthy so I'm not
looking at that film as as bad but it was all about vaccine deaths and injuries and it was it
was well done as soon as I got done with it I said to my wife I said Pfizer is going to be a sacrifice
and I think that's coming we have to have a monster sacrifice so the agenda continues realize the
agenda is what they're after so if they make a big sacrifice so they sacrifice J&J before I said
I'm going to come back to that I think Pfizer is going to be a sacrifice to keep the agenda going
so what's going on is you know we've got the election cycle which that diverts 70 percent of
the population right there but then you know they've reduced gas prices everything's back to normal
you know that's part of the scyop to get us focused on okay now that COVID's over everything's
back to normal we've got to have accountability for COVID and I'm going to have Don play a clip
and tell you why I played and then J.J. I'm going to let you rip on that so go ahead and play the
clip Don we shouldn't be told that we have to take a vaccine speakers at the rally arguing their
loved ones could still be alive if medical protocols were different during the pandemic
I think people had to suffer I think many people died that didn't have to they're now calling for
accountability we should not have to worry when we go to our doctor are we going to be on the right
side of politics it is time that we have an investigation here in Oklahoma there was people
who've been trained who who are medical positions that should have known better than this and they
have a responsibility to treat patients and not listen to what they know is untrue representative
Humphrey says the rally is one of the first steps taken to eventually make laws in the state to
prevent something like this from happening again I appreciate all the doctors and nurses and
the ones who who fought through it worked and at risk of their own life and who did that so
they're much appreciated this is not any kind of attack on the medical field this is an attack on
how that we allowed politics and money to overtake our medical agencies and medical departments and
make medical decisions he says next they will request an interim study and collect evidence to
present to the attorney general interestingly his name is JJ Humphrey I just picked up on that
coincidence I met him last this past Saturday I flew to Oklahoma City to speak at the state
capital for this event and so the local Fox station does this coverage and my wife showed it to me I
didn't know that they had done the coverage she she showed it to me and I instantly said
that is complete bullshit and the reason is just he's got like all you can just listen to these
politicians they go right through the talking point so first I just jotted them down as I was
listening so first we need to have a choice relative to take the vaccination or not well so you see
that we still are on the vaccination agenda okay vaccinations are it's all a saiap the whole
vaccination agenda is a saiap then he said that you know we've got to have accountability for
the pandemic we need to have an investigation I mean who's going to investigate this the only
people qualified are guys like you and I Jay and then this is not about the doctors and nurses
well the heck it isn't I mean those are the people who pulled the trigger so anyway he hit
all the talking points that they're trying to sell us right now so that we can have
accountability and we all buy into okay we got the best government on earth anyway I probably
gave you all the answers already but I still want your perspective no I I don't think I'm even
seeing it as as well as you but I what I'm what I'm most fascinated by now because you're really
getting me excited about it is how do we how can we what is the right idea do you think what we
need to do is I just I'm processing this in real time can we get for example the the doctors
to turn on their administration then like in other words once you
make this momentum so that okay now people understand that actually you should blame the doctor
now the doctor has to say okay well hey wait a minute I was told and I needed now the doctors
got to turn and and up the chain I don't think that's such a bad idea
essentially it seems like some of these people are suggesting we should skip all those people
and go right to the top of the chain go right for the NIH or something or the CDC instead of
prosecuting the doctors but I do see your point it's it's extraordinary I was jotting down other
notes so it's a it's a it to me I don't I don't doubt at all do you know who Ted Gunderson is
I don't oh Ted Gunderson is a guy who used to work for the FBI you should look him up
he might not be alive anymore but Ted Gunderson was after the the networks of the sound of freedom
back in the 90s already actually dropped out of the FBI because the FBI wouldn't do anything about it
and became quite a whistleblower for a long time tour in the United States like just giving away
packets of information he used to be the head of the FBI on the whole west coast actually
Ted Gunderson the this fight has been going on a long time Ted Gunderson is the guy who woke me up
about some of the the history that I lived through when I was a teenager and I have no doubt in my
mind that that what we experienced over the last four years was an unprecedented level of
of an attempt to invert our understanding of of what reality is and make sure that none of us
had a solid footing that mattered and and that's that's really it's one of those things where I
still find that the people that are now opposing us Scott are trying very hard to get us to commit
to one particular explanation when it's a crime scene I'm not supposed to come up with the the
explanation for how they did it I just know that it's a crime and I know that these people are lying
about what actually happened and your point is really it's really sinking very deep
and it also makes me kind of sad because I don't know maybe you've you've obviously thought about
it longer than I have what do we if we can't and I agree we probably can't turn to the current
city in Congress is is one possible solution to elect people like you and me should we start
running for office is that a solution or not really yeah it's a great question and it actually
brings up it's I'm going to answer that in the frame of starting to wrap things up sure sure
you're going to come on my show anyway and we're going to do this again yeah we're going to talk
yeah you'll have another week of process yeah you know the the solutions that are being
proposed are all man-made so you know having us guys like you and I run for Congress
those type of things are all under I see them all under the false profit system power back to the
people because it doesn't acknowledge how we got here we got here by rejecting God and we can't
there's nobody going to be held accountable for for the real psi up here you know they're going
you know if Pfizer is a sacrifice that will look like accountability but it's all to set up you
know if the false profit system looks like hey we're going to go back to the gold standard we're
going to have Nuremberg two trials we need to give control back to the people those are all
great talking points that are being sold right now if you watch you'll see these talking points
are being sold as so a way to say this succinctly is the plant there's there's a plan to take down
the cabal so the cabal we look at okay this whole you know the great reset this is all the cabal
has got this all set up well the plan to take down the cabal was written by the cabal
so this really gets people in the right frame of mind for the solution because the solution
has nothing to do with the proposals that you're hearing the solution
is understanding everything that's happening through a biblical worldview and what God said
I'm just going to read a scripture reference j in 2 Thessalonians chapter 2 verses 10 through 12
it says they perish because they refuse to love the truth and so be saved for this reason God
sends them a powerful delusion so that they will believe the lie and so that all will be condemned
who have not believed the truth but delighted in wickedness so I see the powerful delusion I
mean I could be wrong with this but I see the powerful delusion as the anti-Christ evil system
and then the red pill false prophet less evil system the two sides of the satanic coin
are the powerful delusion and it's called the world and we get sucked into that and thinking
men can save us is been around for a long time you know the people who were led directly by God
the Israelites in first Samuel chapter 8 you know they wanted a king you know and they begged
Samuel give us a king and Samuel pleaded with God and said hey you know what should I do here
and God said give them their king so God won't go against what we what we want and we want a king
we want somebody to save us from this mess and it's already set up anyway so that's what I see I
think the answer to this is repentance I think covid was a call to repentance
that's how I see it now and I I really can't see it any other way so when I look at Grace's lawsuit
for example Jay I don't see it about money at all we've already said if we get any money we're not
taking it and that's why we did the more expensive path that's why we didn't haven't taken money
from people who have offered to sponsor our case it's got to be above reproach we're using the case
to shed light on evil and that's the purpose of the case and that's why I've been on 800 shows
and I just want to keep sharing so that people can wake up and you have a chance to save yourself
from a hospital stay of course physically but more importantly to the spiritual message that
I'm sharing right now so anyway that's my my two cents worth
um it's uh I want you to have the last the last word of course so go out you thought all yours now
um I don't know I don't know how to approach this because I I don't I don't typically um on my show
I don't really talk about um these kinds of issues I try to stay very much a biologist um but I hint
at the idea that that at the heart of my understanding um lies this idea that somewhere
in in all of my work and reading and and investigation I keep running into this
irreducible complexity that that is everything that makes us sacred and and and makes our you
know we can study biology and bugs and how animals work it's of course you want to understand how
God's creation is connected and and how it all sings together and what our place is when within
it but but um most of the the impetus for our investigation in academic biology is trying to
undermine that or trying to dispel that as a right as a as a sacred idea and so um I don't know what
it is about me and my in my being that drew me out of academia but I always knew that what was
going on there wasn't the appreciation of the sacred that I wanted it to be and and instead what it
was was the demystifying of it and the the um the almost uh desecrating of it in many in many labs
um and this took a long time for me to wake up to um and I'm trying my best to craft a message
which um the presence of of God and Christ is behind me and and visible um without necessarily
me always calling him to to mind by name um and and it's really important um I tell my kids this a
lot I say it to my wife a lot um it's really important that that's there otherwise I don't I
would never have been able to keep um the the hope alive that that what I'm doing might contribute
to something that will keep our grandchildren safe um and and as you've outlined it you know we are
up against it's this is for all the marbles this is from generations past already things are
are are crescendoing right now in our lifetimes that unfortunately or fortunately
um it's in our lifetimes that this is happening I mean I I can't tell you how
awesome it would have been if I would have grown up in the 50s and been a biologist in the 60s um
I would be dying right now as uh as a happy uh go lucky emeritus biologist you know that
that spend his time hiking with his grandkids and and and if I could have gone out in 2019 like
that it wouldn't have been a bad way to go but we we have been chosen to be here um for whatever
reason um and I can't thank you enough for for sharing your story as as often and as widely as
you do it takes a lot of courage and I'm sure um it costs a lot um it's it you know it's uh
well you know it's really it's something really special and I don't I can't imagine losing one
of my children um I'm sure that the reason why I haven't is because I would not have been able to
and be a good example as a Christian like you are um I probably would have done
or acted much differently and so you're in my prayers man I don't know what to say I feel like
I'm uh I'm definitely lucky to have ever run into you and cross pass with you so
I I feel the same I mean I uh
God gets all the credit here I mean I am shocked at what is inside of me I mean he he truly
um is in charge the coincidences there there's no coincidences all the things that he set up
for a time such as this for me to be active and have no fear in what we're doing and you know
there's there's so many things but it's it's all him so Jay thanks so much for coming on and I will
see you next week if you just want to hang around for a minute here at the end we'll say goodbye after
Dan signs us off okay very good
please stand by for further details we return you now to your regularly scheduled program
you